feat(appset): Add support for self-signed TLS / Certificates for Gitlab Scm Provider (#14348)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/applicationset/Generators-Pull-Request.md

        - preview
        # MR state is used to filter MRs only with a certain state. (optional)
        pullRequestState: opened

>         # If true, allows for self-signed TLS certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # If true, skips validating the SCM provider's TLS certificate - useful for self-signed certificates.
```

* `tokenRef`: A `Secret` name and key containing the GitLab access token to use for requests. If not specified, will make anonymous requests which have a lower rate limit and can only see public repositories. (Optional)
* `labels`: Labels is used to filter the MRs that you want to target. (Optional)
* `pullRequestState`: PullRequestState is an additional MRs filter to get only those with a certain state. Default: "" (all states)

> * `insecure`: By default (false) - Allow for self-signed TLS certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `insecure`: By default (false) - Skip checking the validity of the SCM's certificate -useful for self-signed TLS certificates.
```

> You can configure self-signed TLS certificates for Gitlab by [mounting self-signed certificate to the applicationset controller](./Add-self-signed-TLS-Certs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a preferable alternative to setting `insecure` to true, you can configure self-signed TLS certificates for Gitlab by [mounting self-signed certificate to the applicationset controller](./Add-self-signed-TLS-Certs.md).
```
